Inline Execution (#8148)
enso-org/enso: docs/language-server/protocol-language-server.md

### `executionContext/executeExpression`

This message allows the client to execute an arbitrary expression in a context
of a given node. It behaves like putting a breakpoint after the expression with
`expressionId` and executing the provided `expression`. All the local and global
symbols that are available for the `expressionId` will be available when
executing the `expression`. The result of the evaluation will be delivered as a
visualization result on a binary connection. You can think of it as a oneshot
[`executionContext/attachVisualization`](#executioncontextattachvisualization)
visualization request, meaning that the expression will be executed once.

For example, given the current code:

```python
main =
    operator1 = 42
    operator2 = operator1 + 1

fun1 x = x.to_text
```

> - You can execute an expression in the context of a function body. In this case,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can execute an expression in the context of 'main' function body. In this case,
```

>   the `expressionId` should point to the body of a function. E.g. in the context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the `expressionId` should point to the body of the `main` function. Then the available symbols
```

>   of `main` available symbols are `operator1`, `operator2` and `fun1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 are `operator1`, `operator2` and `fun1`.
```
